Mom, why did you let me come here?
And
Why are you all staying in a hotel?
Tongtong, we were kicked out by your beast uncle.
How could it be uncle?
He's a rebellious thing
He can't do anything
Uncle is kind
You must have done something outrageous to provoke him
None of that matters now.
The important thing is that our family has no place to live
So you must go to your uncle.
Hmm I'm not going
If you don't go
Not only did our family have no place to live
You're not even going to school?
If you don't go, you won't go.
You don't care about you at all
Hello what?
My student status has been removed from my hukou
I didn't study
What Tongtong's household word-of-mouth instrument is out?
How could this be?
It must have been done by this dog thing
He's trying to keep us out of this house
It's so amazing to do it beforehand
I'll go find him.
If he doesn't come out with the Tongtong Protector and kill me
Dad get out of the way
aunt
Focus